README.md, before:

# Proiect pentru laboratorul de Tehnici Web din cadrul FMI - UniBuc

Am realizat site-ul unei școli auto fictive din București. Site-ul prezintă dotările și personalul școlii. De asemenea, există o aplicație JavaScript ce permite utilizatorilor să susțină teste de legislație simulate (deocamdată ele au formatul de "Întrebare <listă răspunsuri corecte>" pentru testare). Site-ul poate fi văzut [aici](https://smitoi.github.io/proiectTW).

Toate datele sunt fictive, toate detaliile care pot părea personale (numere de telefon, nume, adrese) fiind alese aleator. Imaginile sunt preluate de pe Google Images.



## Tasks (English):

### HTML/CSS:

  - [x] Static website using pure HTML / CSS
  - [x] Make website responsive + add animation

### JavaScript:
- [x] Dropdown menu with JavaScript
  - [x] Make dropdown menu dynamically generated using a database (simulated using a .json file and AJAX requests).

- [x] Quiz app with JavaScript
  - [x] Make quiz app responsive.
  - [x] Add support for questions with images.
  - [x] Add timer for quiz.
  - [x] Get questions from database (simulated using a .json file and AJAX requests).
  - [x] Local storage for quiz results.
  - [ ] Add support for additional answers.

### NodeJs + Additional tasks:
  - [x] Port the AJAX requests to NodeJS
  - [x] User login system:
    - [x] Make login system (register).
    - [ ] Add admin panel for user control.
    - [ ] Different user privileges (Guest, User, Employee, Admin).
    - [x] Check failed login attempts.
    - [ ] Logging actions (view page, take quiz, etc.).
    - [ ] Generate page based on template (for Employees).
    - [ ] Showing IP and timestamp of last login.

### Quality of Life:
  - [x] Make / keep the code a little more readable.

## RESOURCES:
  * https://github.com/WebToLearn/laborator-tehnici-web
  * https://www.w3schools.com/ 
  * https://www.freecodecamp.org/
  * https://stackoverflow.com/
  * https://codepen.io/
  * https://joshzeigler.com/technology/web-development/how-big-is-too-big-for-json
  * https://jsoneditoronline.org/

Commit message:

added user stuff
- added user panel with user stats
- made connection between user panel and quiz
- quiz now updates the user stats

README.md, after:

# Proiect pentru laboratorul de Tehnici Web din cadrul FMI - UniBuc

Am realizat site-ul unei școli auto fictive din București. Site-ul prezintă dotările și personalul școlii. De asemenea, există o aplicație JavaScript ce permite utilizatorilor să susțină teste de legislație simulate (deocamdată ele au formatul de "Întrebare <listă răspunsuri corecte>" pentru testare). Site-ul poate fi văzut [aici](https://smitoi.github.io/proiectTW).

Toate datele sunt fictive, toate detaliile care pot părea personale (numere de telefon, nume, adrese) fiind alese aleator. Imaginile sunt preluate de pe Google Images.



## Tasks (English):

### HTML/CSS:

  - [x] Static website using pure HTML / CSS
  - [x] Make website responsive + add animation

### JavaScript:
- [x] Dropdown menu with JavaScript
  - [x] Make dropdown menu dynamically generated using a database (simulated using a .json file and AJAX requests).

- [x] Quiz app with JavaScript
  - [x] Make quiz app responsive.
  - [x] Add support for questions with images.
  - [x] Add timer for quiz.
  - [x] Get questions from database (simulated using a .json file and AJAX requests).
  - [x] Local storage for quiz results.
  - [ ] Add support for additional answers.

### NodeJs + Additional tasks:
  - [x] Port the AJAX requests to NodeJS
  - [x] User login system:
    - [x] Make login system (register + login).
	- [x] Create user panel.
    - [ ] Add admin panel for user control.
    - [x] Different user privileges (Guest, User, Employee, Admin).
    - [x] Check failed login attempts.
    - [ ] Logging actions (view page, take quiz, etc.).
    - [ ] Generate page based on template (for Employees).
    - [x] Showing timestamp of last login.
	- [ ] Show IP of last login.
	- [ ] Add some animations on the website.

### Quality of Life:
  - [x] Make / keep the code a little more readable.

### Note: Not all of the tasks listed above will be completed by the time I turn in the project. Maybe some of them will be never completed and get lost in time, like tears in the rain.

## RESOURCES:
  * https://github.com/WebToLearn/laborator-tehnici-web
  * https://www.w3schools.com/ 
  * https://www.freecodecamp.org/
  * https://stackoverflow.com/
  * https://codepen.io/
  * https://joshzeigler.com/technology/web-development/how-big-is-too-big-for-json
  * https://jsoneditoronline.org/
